Continuous Integration - Benefits
• Immediate bug detection
• A deployable system at any given point

Jenkins is the leading open-source continuous integration tool. It is cross-platform and can be used on Windows, Linux,
Mac OS and Solaris environments. Jenkins is written in Java. Jenkin's chief usage is to monitor any job which can be SVN
checkout, cron or any application states. It fires pre-configured actions when a particular step occurs in jobs.
Some of the Important Features of Jenkins are as below.
• Change Support: Jenkins generates the list of all changes done in repositories like SVN.
• Permanent links: Jenkins provides direct links to the latest build or failed build that can be used for easy
communication
• Multiple VMs: Jenkins can be configured to distribute the build on multiple machines.
• TestNG test: Jenkins can be configured to run the automation test build on TestNG after each build of SVN.
• Plugins: 3rd party plugin can be configured in Jenkins to use features and additional functionality.
• Project build: Jenkins documents the details of jar, version of jar and mapping of build and jar numbers.
• Installation: Jenkins is easy to install either using direct installation file (exe) or war file to deploy using
application server.
• Email integration: Jenkins can be configured to email the content of the status of the build.
• Easy Configuration: To configure various tasks on Jenkins is easy.

What can Jenkins do?
• Generate test reports
• Integrate with many different version control systems
• Push to various artefact repositories
• Deploys directly to production or test environments
• Notify stakeholders of build status

How Jenkins work - Setup
Associating with version control server
Triggering builds : Polling, Periodic, building based on other projects
Execution of shell scripts, bash scripts, Ant and Maven targets
Artifact archival, Publish test results, Email notifications

How Jenkins work - Building
Once project is successfully created in Jenkins, all future builds are automatic
Jenkins executes the build in an executer, By default, Jenkins gives one executer per core on the build server
Jenkins also has a concept of slave build servers for Distribution of load

How Jenkins work – Reporting
Keeping track of build status : Last success and failure & 'Weather’ – build trend
These can be greatly enhanced with the use of pre-build plugins : Unit test coverage & Test result trending

Jenkins plugin system can enable a wide range of features including (but certainly not limited to)
SCM : Git, Subversion
Testing : Selenium, TestLink
Notifications : Twitter, Jabber
Reporting : Findbugs, Doxygen
Artifact Saving : Amazon S3, SCP
Triggers : Jabber, Directory watchers
External integration : GitHub, Bugzilla, JIRA
Role-based Authorization Strategy
sonar cube
jacoco
Mask Passwords Plugin
When activating the Mask passwords option in a job, the builds' Password Parameters are automatically masked from the console.
Make sure to configure in the Mask Passwords - Configuration section in Jenkins, which kind of build parameters have to be automatically masked in the console

Authorization:
Anyone can do anything		
Legacy mode	
Logged-in users can do anything
Matrix-based security
Project-based Matrix Authorization Strategy	
Role-Based Strategy

Job Description

We are looking for a passionate and self-motivated Lead Cloud Architect with a deep Software development background who wants to be at the cutting edge of cloud services. You are, at core, an expert developer with flair for designing and solving Public cloud adoption challenges with AWS and or Azure.

You will help design, architect and develop new features for the organization’s products for AWS and with Clients. You will be required to work with different prestigious clients, product management, engineering, and operations team for complete ownership of delivering features assigned. If this describes you and you’re ready to attack some of the most complex problems in the industry, then it’s time for you to take on the challenge of being a Cloud Architect as part of DevOps & Cloud Solutions team at TA Digital.

Key Responsibilities
Looking for Industry Leading Could Professionals for a Leadership Role at TA Digital.
Domain leadership in AWS or Microsoft Azure cloud technologies.
Working closely with our clients, Consulting professionals design, build and implement strategies that can help enhance business performance. They develop specialized expertise- strategic, industry, functional, technical- in a diverse project environment that offers multiple opportunities for career growth.
Overseeing the production and implementation of solutions covering multiple cloud technologies, associated Infrastructure/application architecture, development, and operating models.
Helping to integrate large-scale systems involving on-premises technology and public cloud platforms.
Driving enterprise business, application, and integration architecture environment.
Implementing programs/interventions that prepare the organization for the implementation of new business processes
Assisting our clients to build the required capabilities for growth and innovation in order to sustain high performance
Managing multi-disciplinary teams to shape, sell, communicate and implement programs.
Developing our offerings and assets.
Design and develop automated software solutions.
An active problem solver who enjoys challenging situations and creating solutions
Can write code – in any language; shell scripting, PHP, ruby, python, java, whatever (ideally in multiple languages) – and you have implemented some of your stuff into a production environment.
Design, Assess the customer environments and prepare a roadmap on Azure deployment and migration.
Create a conceptual, logical and physical design for cloud-based solutions for platforms.
Develop and present technical solutions and configurations for infrastructure as a service.
Are experienced and comfortable working with different types of clouds.
Maintain established service agreements to manage customer expectations and quality standards.
Create a standard approach and best practice to create and maintain automated test plans, test scripts, test suites, etc.
Proactively seek training and developmental activities related to cloud services.
Provide technical direction and oversight to cloud implementation teams.


Experience Requirement
Minimum 5 years of Cloud Engineering Experience and a total of 10+ Years of Software development experience.
Cloud platforms – AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, Cloud Foundry, Open Shift, Docker, etc., experience in Virtualization Platforms (e.g. VMWare, Hyper-V, etc.).
Demonstrated application of end-to-end architecture strategies, standards, processes, and tools in their solution designs.
Develop cloud reference architecture, Define target state cloud architecture, Experience with private and public cloud architectures, pros/cons, and migration considerations.
Cloud readiness maturity assessment, Planning and assessment of cloud solutions/platforms, Application assessment and migration planning, Business case development, TCO comparisons, and vendor evaluation
Skills across SCM, Static Code Analyzer, Build and Release, Continuous Integration tools and frameworks such as SVN, GIT, ANT, MVN, Sonar, etc.
Deep understanding of Cloud Computing and various deployment methodologies Strong knowledge and experience with Automation, DevOps, CI/DC and Orchestration Deployment, provisioning and life cycle management of Azure/AWS services such as VMs, Storage, Network, NoSQL database, Website, network, etc.
Infrastructure provisioning and management (Puppet, Chef, Ansible)

Job Complexity
Supports multiple customers and internal teams on an as-needed basis.
Collaborates with other teams on tools for systems automation.
Works in conjunction with multiple teams to make sure that the infrastructure and customer applications work harmoniously together.
Due to the 24X7 operations of the business, must be able to work a flexible work schedule.


Mandatory Skillset
AWS Professional Level Certification (Solution Architect Pro /DevOps Pro) OR AWS Associate Level + Azure Architecting Microsoft Azure Solutions (70-535) Certification.
Deep understanding of cloud architecture.
Can write code – in any language; shell scripting, PHP, ruby, python, java, whatever (ideally in multiple languages)
Hands-on DevOps Tools experience.
